this is way past what I signed up for
what exactly do you think that was I
found a man who needed help so I helped
him oh yeah that simple
okay I find a guy in a dumpster who
turns out to be some kind of blind
vigilantes and do all this really weird
shit I'm supposed to take it on faith
I'm on the right side of this you don't
carry a masked man bleeding to death
into your apartment on faith you know
which side you're on the moment you
found me what the flick everybody
looking at Netflix's daredevil Francis
Maxwell William Viviani Alonzo Doral D
hello if the pilot didn't grab you by
god episode 202 kicks ass Wow
we talked about how the pilot is very
pilot and they had to rush through t
shirt I've done the second episode cut
man is slowing it away the hell yeah and
it does two things that I think are
absolutely remarkable one is it gives a
hero whose secret identity really he
doesn't have anyone to talk to
right as daredevil or whatever he calls
himself right now so it gives him an
opportunity to talk about this life he
has outside of the normal supporting
cast which is actually very daring to do
for the second episode sure I'd line
your entire supporting cast and it works
and well it helps if you the person
you're talking to is rosario Dawson has
the best fight see it's holy crap is so
long yeah America yeah I don't I can't
remember I mean I'm sure examples will
be cited in the comments we have but
just the fight choreography where the
lead character is injured yeah and
exhausted and and and fighting at about
40% and still like trying that's that's
a whole special kind of thing and
whoever the guy is wearing that mask
during those equal games yeah there's
this part where he leans against the
wall I'm so tired
that guy deserves an award I mean have
you seen superheroes fight even when
they have been injured I remember Batman
when he gets knocked aside and he's
still fighting like he's it no words at
all where is this you can see the
exhaustion on they do such a great job
in the fact that you don't know what's
going on behind the doors as well
because you just kind of see them being
thrown through the doors
feel like you hear all the rattling
who's gonna come out there was awesome
there's one thing I don't know how the
hell they did it where they threw like a
small oven at a guy's head and it's like
they did it in one shot they did reveal
they did that entire sequence in one
tank that's absolutely incredible and
yeah and it's just neat yeah it really
sets you up like ah this show is gonna
be well I'll say Dave had zero interest
on watch as I said rosario Dawson I will
say this what this episode did give us a
moment where as somebody I know on
Facebook said okay just what's the
second episode is he going to torture
people this entire issue I'm not saying
it's good or bad it's just but it's
there and we should probably talk about
we hinted about it in there in the
previous review and we talked about the
boundaries he sets for himself and it's
clear that he is back he's got that
fairly line he doesn't know what step to
go to be taking he could have easily I
don't know
how old trustworthy she is in terms of
website to poke him correctly in the
high because he goes right through skin
and lasting as much as it didn't
shoulder blood and the guts Nagor of it
I was cringing and I was thinking to
myself all right that started to break
the boundaries I talked about early on
introduce us to this the graphic side of
it well again going back to what I think
is the the real best selling point of
the show even beyond the action is the
morality of it is a hero finding his
footing deciding what's right and what's
wrong
and then he's already made a decision to
do something that is arguably wrong and
so we need to decide for himself where
the line is cuz only he gets to draw
that line and we're gonna see him make
some mistakes and this is I think this
is one thing I do like about the show
moving forward and again I've seen the
whole thing
they haven't I'm not gonna spoil
anything there are consequences for a
lot of the mistakes okay so I admire
that I admire them for confronting that
and this is a fucked up thing he does
yeah and it's not cool it's not cool
guys it's don't torture the kids don't
do the eye thing at home ask your mom's
hope tortures Bassem yeah good mom for
help unless you're a huge fan boy of
daredevil which I am before but say I
was just trying to think of it as a
neutral coming in never seen it before
you don't know why he's doing this you
don't know why he's became a superhero
you don't know why he's standing up for
good versus evil
so you're it's like you're following his
journey and you
find out what he needs to do to become
the best super you because you don't
know why he's connected that's that's
where the Battle of Murdock flashbacks
yes the idea of this father who really
kind of pushed him to achieve and to be
better and to be smart and at the same
time was you know dealing with these
sort of this petty level of organized
crime that obviously you know we later
find out you know what how that affect
them so I you know I like that the lawn
hand they're kind of giving us the
architecture of this character and where
it's coming from
and then at the same time it's him
entering into the real world in this new
identity and figuring out what the
limitations of that idea well I think
the whole because they wrap up the
battlin Jack Murdock flashbacks in these
two episodes okay but my point is is
that we're plowing through it three is
where they really yeah apex right okay
what more plowing through it is is my
point
and I remember the the opening monologue
that Matt Murdock has in confessional in
the first episode where he talks about
that you know the Murdock's got the
devil in them yeah and not understanding
that stare is like thousand-yard stare
his dad had one yeah I had to keep going
and that's what I was thinking of in
that last fight this it's not falling
down not falling down in a lot of ways
this is about his relationship with his
dad this is about him suiting up you
know and and his dad you know destroy
dad was struggling to do the right thing
do I take a dive for likely kid or not
like these are issues that you know as a
father you have like responsibilities
daredevil obviously feel certain
responsibilities what am i what am I
willing to sacrifice for other people
exactly and how much abuse can I take
his dad was good at taking a punch Joe
daredevil is great at taking a punch
although I love when my favorite lines
of this whole series is that's just
Catholicism slap on top of that you can
take an unbelievable amount of
punishment without one damn complaint
last Parsa Catholicism and then also we
have the B story of foggy and Karen
drinking the eel and I'm going out for a
night on the town it's safe to say their
rival I've watched the flash just before
I watch this so you have that trifecta
of Cisco Caitlin in the flash and their
relationship and it's just this is
immediately ripe honor I love fogies a
character and I love foggy can
and the way they old set up a plan yeah
I mean like you can tell in their scenes
together how much foggy is like
interested in Karen but adores Matt yeah
how much Karen likes foggy but it is
falling for Matt yeah completely absent
from all this and they're conveying all
that stuff fun Ellison is often I think
an underappreciated character in the
daredevil Maya how some people see him
is just like a sidekick yeah he's not
he's actually first off he's a great
lawyer yeah and we're starting to see
you know we'll see more of that but like
he is a great lawyer in his own right he
is funny but he's not stupid
no you know he's not he's an incompetent
or enough to eat if anything he's got a
great attitude just that moment where
where she's like he's like hearing me
singing and she's like no no the correct
answer is yes and you were amazing
I want to start a sitcom called I'll be
great so yeah so you know there like I
said I if the pilot didn't immediately
grab you I think you know if you're if
you're showing the show to other people
and they see the person that kind of
show them the second it picks up real
real fast and then it just keeps going
and we're gonna get to the third upset
in a minute it just really good Sara Lee
yeah kick-ass so yeah so join us for the
third one if you dare
no I'm done